Add placeholder for super events RSKIP (#529)
rsksmart/RSKIPs: IPs/RSKIP529.md

created: 26-AUG-25
author: MI
purpose: Sca
layer: Core
complexity: 1
status: Draft
description: 
---

|RSKIP          |529           |
| :------------ |:-------------|
|**Title**      |New storage cells in Bridge native contract for base and super events info |
|**Created**    |26-AUG-25 |
|**Author**     |MI |
|**Purpose**    |Sca |
|**Layer**      |Core |
|**Complexity** |1 |
|**Status**     |Draft |

## Abstract

This RSKIP adds new storage cells to the Bridge native contract for storing base and super event information. These storage entries allow the Union Bridge contract to store peg-out event data that can be used for zero-knowledge proofs of cumulative work of the Rootstock chain, enabling more efficient verification of specific peg-out events at a much lower cost than retrieving data from contract storage.

## Motivation

RSKIP535 [2](#references) defines how base event information can be stored in the block header extension to enable efficient zero-knowledge proofs of cumulative work. However, for this mechanism to work effectively, the Union Bridge contract needs a way to store and manage the current base and super event data that will be included in block headers.

> The Bridge native contract provides persistent storage capabilities to maintain the current state of base and super events. This data is then used by miners to populate the baseEvent field in block headers as specified in RSKIP535, enabling the zero-knowledge proof functionality described in that RSKIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bridge native contract provides persistent storage capabilities to maintain the current state of base and super events. This data is then used by miners to populate the baseEvent and superEvent fields in block headers as specified in RSKIP535, enabling the zero-knowledge proof functionality described in that RSKIP.
```
